multiple small fixes (#334)
acend/kubernetes-basics-training: content/en/docs/04/_index.md

Afterwards, we are able to access our freshly created Ingress at `http://example-web-go-<namespace>.<domain>`
{{% /onlyWhenNot %}}
{{% onlyWhen mobi %}}

> Afterwards, we are able to access our freshly created Ingress at `https://example-web-go-<namespace>.kubedev.mobicorp.test`. Altought we have not configured the ingress to use TLS, it is available with a `https` address. This is because of the Mobiliar Setup and not default Ingress behaviour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Afterwards, we are able to access our app via our freshly created Ingress at `https://example-web-go-<namespace>.kubedev.mobicorp.test`. Although we have not configured the Ingress to use TLS, it is available with a `https` address. This is because of the setup at Mobiliar and not default behaviour.
```
